What is this fork?
==================
The purpose of this fork is to make make minor fixes that I need for my work on
CrashSimulator.  Additionally, I've done some reorganizing so this package can
be installed as a package and imported without Python path manipulations.

posix-omni-parser
=================
The posix-omni-parser tool aims to parse the traced system calls from various
interposing utilities (eg strace on Linux, truss on Solaris, dtrace on BSD
and Mac OSX) on different POSIX-compliant platforms into a more useful 
representation.


Trace Object
------------

  This module contains the Trace object, which is used to capture all the
  extracted information from a trace file.

  Example using this module:
    import Trace
    trace = Trace.Trace(path_to_trace)
    print(trace)

  The Trace object represents an entire system call trace, which means that it 
    holds all the information extracted from a system call trace file created by
    an interposition utility such as the strace utility on Linux, the truss 
    utility on Solaris or the dtrace utility on BSD and OSX platforms.

  <Attributes>

    self.trace_path:
      The path to the file containing the traced system calls.
    
    self.tracing_utility:
      The detected tracing utility used to generate the trace file, e.g strace.
    
    self.parser:
      The parser to use in order to extract the information from the trace file.
      The choice of parser depends on the tracing utility used to generate the 
      trace file, i.e self.tracing_utility.

    self.syscalls:
      This variable holds all the parsed system calls. It is a list of Syscall
      objects returned by the parser.

    self.platform:
      The platform in which the trace is parsed on (sys.platform). This is
      especially useful when creating a trace bundle containing not only the
      parsed system calls but also a representation of all the files referenced
      in trace file.


Parser Object
-------------
<Purpose>
  Acts as the parent for all parsers. Defines some abstract methods required by
  all parsers and some helper methods that can be used by any parser.


StraceParser Object
-------------------
<Purpose>
  This module holds a set of methods needed to parse the output of the strace
  utility. More information about strace can be found in the manual page under
  most Linux platforms (man strace)

  The path to a file generated by the strace utility must be passed to the
  constructor method when initializing a StraceParser object. Then the
  parse_trace method of the parser can be called, which will return a list of
  Syscall objects, each containing all the information about a single system
  call parsed from the strace output file.

  Example using this module:

    import StraceParser

    parser = StraceParser.StraceParser(path_to_trace)
    print(parser)

    # this will return a list of Syscall objects.
    syscalls = parser.parse_trace()

Syscall Object
--------------
  <Purpose>
    This object is used to describe a system call, holding all the information
    extracted from the trace file. The same object is used to describe system 
    calls independently on which utility was used to generate the trace file.

  <Attributes>
    
    self.original_line:
      A string holding the original line from which this object was created.

    self.type:
      The type of the system call. This can be one of the UNFINISHED, RESUMED or
      COMPLETE.

    self.pid:
      The process id of this system call.

    self.name:
      The name of the system call.

    self.args:
      A tuple containing all the arguments of the system call. The value of each
      argument can be either a string or wrapped into a more meaningful class.

    self.ret:
      A tuple holding the return part of the system call. This tuple should
      always contain two items. The first one is the return value of the system
      call. The second is either a string holding the error label eg "EACCES"
      in case the system call had an error or None if the syscall executed 
      correctly.
    
    self.inst_pointer:
      The instruction pointer at the time of the system call.

    self.timestamp:
      This value can have different formats and content according to the parser
      options. For example it can hold  a relative timestamp indicating the
      interval between the beginning of successive syscalls or it can hold the
      time the syscall was executed.

    self.elapsed_time:
      The time difference between the beginning and the end of the system call.
